1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? Blueprint for a website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Element modifiers; in quotes
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Main headline; once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Href, src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <title>, <style>, <meta>, <link>, <script>, <base>
    7. What is an id? a specification of a unique html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? used to specify a group
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank" 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? text for an image if image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? #idName
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section specfies like groups, div does specify anything other than the group it contains
    17. What is CSS used for? styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page .h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class specifies a group and id is very specific. ex: group= naming sections id= for the header
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .p human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? a child is the direct decendent of a parent; if you wanted to have multiple children and wanted them to have some same traits as the parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector? special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercare/lowercase/capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? .div{ border-style: dotted black 1px}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? ctrl+a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? rm <file>; no "are you sure"
    35. How often should I commit to github? often; equivalent to the "save" button in Word
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? one is one the same line, one creates a new line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? positioned automatically to the starting point (top-left corner) of parent
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 